README.md, before:

# filesize.js

[![build status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/avoidwork/filesize.js.png)](http://travis-ci.org/avoidwork/filesize.js) [![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/avoidwork/filesize.js](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/avoidwork/filesize.js?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge) [![downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dt/filesize.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/filesize)

filesize.js provides a simple way to get a human readable file size string from a number (float or integer) or string.

## Optional settings

`filesize()` accepts an optional descriptor Object as a second argument, so you can customize the output.

### base
_***(number)***_ Number base, default is `2`

### bits
_***(boolean)***_ Enables `bit` sizes, default is `false`

### exponent
_***(number)***_ Specifies the SI suffix via exponent, e.g. `2` is `MB` for bytes, default is `-1`

### output
_***(string)***_ Output of function (`array`, `exponent`, `object`, or `string`), default is `string`

### round
_***(number)***_ Decimal place, default is `2`

### spacer
_***(string)***_ Character between the `result` and `suffix`, default is `" "`

### standard
_***(string)***_ Standard unit of measure, can be `iec` or `jedec`, default is `jedec`; can be overruled by `base`

### symbols
_***(object)***_ Dictionary of SI/JEDEC symbols to replace for localization, defaults to english if no match is found

### suffixes (deprecated: use 'symbols')
_***(object)***_ Dictionary of SI/JEDEC symbols to replace for localization, defaults to english if no match is found

### unix
_***(boolean)***_ Enables unix style human readable output, e.g `ls -lh`, default is `false`

## Examples

```javascript
filesize(500);                        // "500 B"
filesize(500, {bits: true});          // "4 Kb"
filesize(265318, {base: 10});         // "265.32 kB"
filesize(265318);                     // "259.1 KB"
filesize(265318, {round: 0});         // "259 KB"
filesize(265318, {output: "array"});  // [259.1, "KB"]
filesize(265318, {output: "object"}); // {value: 259.1, suffix: "KB", symbol: "KB"}
filesize(1, {symbols: {B: "Б"}});    // "1 Б"
filesize(1024);                       // "1 KB"
filesize(1024, {exponent: 0});        // "1024 B"
filesize(1024, {output: "exponent"}); // 1
filesize(265318, {standard: "iec"});  // "259.1 KiB"
```

## How can I load filesize.js?
filesize.js supports AMD loaders (require.js, curl.js, etc.), node.js & npm (```npm install filesize```), or using a script tag.

## License
Copyright (c) 2016 Jason Mulligan
Licensed under the BSD-3 license.

Commit message:

Creating `filesize.partial()` for creating a partial application / functional programming style, updating dependencies, fixing lint errors, updating README & LICENSE copyright year, updating README to cover `filesize.partial()`

README.md, after:

# filesize.js

[![build status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/avoidwork/filesize.js.png)](http://travis-ci.org/avoidwork/filesize.js)  [![downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dt/filesize.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/filesize)

filesize.js provides a simple way to get a human readable file size string from a number (float or integer) or string.

## Optional settings

`filesize()` accepts an optional descriptor Object as a second argument, so you can customize the output.

### base
_***(number)***_ Number base, default is `2`

### bits
_***(boolean)***_ Enables `bit` sizes, default is `false`

### exponent
_***(number)***_ Specifies the SI suffix via exponent, e.g. `2` is `MB` for bytes, default is `-1`

### output
_***(string)***_ Output of function (`array`, `exponent`, `object`, or `string`), default is `string`

### round
_***(number)***_ Decimal place, default is `2`

### spacer
_***(string)***_ Character between the `result` and `suffix`, default is `" "`

### standard
_***(string)***_ Standard unit of measure, can be `iec` or `jedec`, default is `jedec`; can be overruled by `base`

### symbols
_***(object)***_ Dictionary of SI/JEDEC symbols to replace for localization, defaults to english if no match is found

### suffixes (deprecated: use 'symbols')
_***(object)***_ Dictionary of SI/JEDEC symbols to replace for localization, defaults to english if no match is found

### unix
_***(boolean)***_ Enables unix style human readable output, e.g `ls -lh`, default is `false`

## Examples

```javascript
filesize(500);                        // "500 B"
filesize(500, {bits: true});          // "4 Kb"
filesize(265318, {base: 10});         // "265.32 kB"
filesize(265318);                     // "259.1 KB"
filesize(265318, {round: 0});         // "259 KB"
filesize(265318, {output: "array"});  // [259.1, "KB"]
filesize(265318, {output: "object"}); // {value: 259.1, suffix: "KB", symbol: "KB"}
filesize(1, {symbols: {B: "Б"}});    // "1 Б"
filesize(1024);                       // "1 KB"
filesize(1024, {exponent: 0});        // "1024 B"
filesize(1024, {output: "exponent"}); // 1
filesize(265318, {standard: "iec"});  // "259.1 KiB"
```

## Partial Application
`filesize.partial()` takes the second parameter of `filesize()` and returns a new function with the configuration applied 
upon execution. This can be used to reduce `Object` creation if you call `filesize()` without caching the `descriptor` 
in lexical scope.

```javascript
const size = filesize.partial({standard: "iec"});

size(265318); // "259.1 KiB"
```

## How can I load filesize.js?
filesize.js supports AMD loaders (require.js, curl.js, etc.), node.js & npm (```npm install filesize```), or using a script tag.

## License
Copyright (c) 2017 Jason Mulligan
Licensed under the BSD-3 license.
